Feat/notifications: added pages for notifications (#1770)
grommet/hpe-design-system: aries-site/src/pages/components/notifications.mdx

import { StateVsStatusDiagram } from '../../examples';
import { Box, Text } from 'grommet';

### What are they for?

Notifications build trust by providing users confidence and assurance that they are informed with timely, relevant status about their systems and tasks.

## Taxonomy 

> To standardize our language on Notifications across platforms, be sure to familiarize yourself with this taxonomy:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To standardize language for Notifications across HPE projects, be sure to familiarize yourself with this taxonomy:
```

> - Type - In the broadest terms, what the notification is about

Reviewer 2: Might be helpful to bold these for a little extra contrast
```suggestion
- **Type** - In the broadest terms, what the notification is about
```

- State - The current stage within a process
- Status - The condition of a process
- Attention Level - The priority and importance of a notification
- Actions - Interactactions within a notification
- Persistence - How the notification is dismissed
- Placement - Where the notification can be found
- Insight - The content of the notification

> <Box direction="row-responsive" gap="medium" pad={{ top: 'medium' }}>

Reviewer 2: Maybe we could implement this as a markdown table so it looks more like the tables on the Voice and Tone page. Might also cleanup the code for this page a little. Documentation: https://www.markdownguide.org/extended-syntax/#tables

        <Box>
            <Text weight="bold">Persistence</Text>
            <Text>Dismissable</Text>
            <Text>Clearable</Text>
            <Text>Action Required</Text>
            <Text>Temporary</Text>
        </Box>
    </Box>
    <Box direction="row" gap="medium">
        <Box>
            <Text weight="bold">Placement</Text>
            <Text>Banner</Text>
            <Text>Browser</Text>
            <Text>Email</Text>
            <Text>Toast</Text>
            <Text>Bell</Text>
            <Text>Badging</Text>
            <Text>System</Text>
            <Text>Global</Text>
            <Text>Inline</Text>
        </Box>
        <Box>
            <Text weight="bold">Insight</Text>
            <Text>Support</Text>
            <Text>Progress Update</Text>
            <Text>Status/Task Tracking</Text>
            <Text>Created</Text>
            <Text>Request Received</Text>
        </Box>
    </Box>
</Box>

### State v.s. Status

A state is the current stage of a process.

A status is the condition of the state. Status can also be thought of as a pointer to a state’s “health”. 

Here is an example of a Toast Notification that illustrates their differences:

> <Box>
>     <StateVsStatusDiagram />
> </Box>

Reviewer: Is this Box needed?
```suggestion
<StateVsStatusDiagram />
```

import { StateVsStatusDiagram, TaxonomyTable } from '../../examples';
import { Box, Text } from 'grommet';

> ### What are they for?

Reviewer 2: Since this comes directly after the h1, it should be an h2
```suggestion
## What are they for?
```
